# Everett

"Everett". The voice reached me across some great distance, registering as only a flicker of my awareness. I pointedly ignored it, focusing my attention on the badly spackled wall instead. I scanned the familiar area of wall until I found the patterns in the uneven surface; two dots and a curve forming the vague impression of a smiling face. I'd spent countless long hours studying this particular wall and had found many faces, many distorted into something evil, petty or pained. This one had seemed the most genuine.

"Everett" came the voice again, louder now and urgent. I blinked, falling from whatever spell had kept me thinking it were possible to ignore the summons of that voice. So I stirred, bidding farewell to the tiny space of wall, and turned to Mother Serene. She gave me an odd look, no doubt deciding whether to make an issue of this new non-compliance that masqueraded as obedience. This was the game. The denial without refusal; the non-non compliance. I smiled a grim little smile.

"Seek the veridary—" she says, making the sentence short as if sickened by telling me. My only reply was to stare through half-lidded eyes until her options were to open the retractable grating, or commit to violence to move me. Ever her namesake, she chose the former—beckoning me out with a wave of her hand. I lingered, knowing by that afternoon my grim amusement would be distant memory. I followed the willowy mother, elderly and stern as she took me the length of several hallways, which faded from austure to makeshift gradually before a final door opened in a dark room made of several adjoined cast metal enclosures. An open door led me to the garden, sprawled afoot the hybridized settlement. I strained my ears, listening as I was learned of doing, trying to catch the faint sounds of footsteps on rough grass, or of Sercé's humming as she approached

---

I stood. Above were the sounds of footsteps—perhaps Chauncey was awake early. I strained my ears.  I scanned the small room until I spotted a small leather strap wrapped around a coat hook. I grabbed it uncertainty, still looking until I saw the small pitch knife on the table. I grasped it, hitching a decisive breath before swiftly exiting through the low door.

The outside air was cool. A wind came from the North. I shivered, resisting the urge to grin as I hurried along the low steppe. It was unknown to Serene and the other sisters, and mothers that I knew where I was, or even that I knew the word "Colorado". I knew that it was meant to be hidden from me. But Serene and the other sisters, and mothers had taught me well—to listen, watch, and orient. I let the moon guide me.

The path ended at the door leading to Serene's dwelling among some sisters. I stopped just short of the outer gate. I surveyed the area, ghosting lightly across the open space, breathing along with my stride. I slipped a thin edge into the lock, silent as Sister Anna's words rung in my ears; careful criminals keep loose locks.

Serene's locks were quiet beneath my careful ministration, held stiffly against a flat blade wedged between the doorframe. I extracted the pin with a click, inadudible in the loud evening. I froze, heartbeat hammering wildly in my ear. I exhaled, opening the door and slipping in. Mother Serene was a carefree criminal in the end.

Sister Ava said that a few loose nails, or screws in a staircase were as good as alarm bells ringing, but slept soundly as I crept upward, stepping noiselessly over twenty two steps. I smiled at the symmetry and stuck the blade of the pitch knife into Sister Ava's ribs. I wiped the blade and covered her with several layers of pristine sheets and blankets. Onward, I exited the room and came into a small dining room through a narrow hallway, stopping only to unlatch some windows.

Another flight of steps and suddenly I felt an odd awareness of my actions. Another lock and I was in. Mother Serene's sitting room was dark except for a single candle. The elderly Mother was not sprightly when I came for her; she was not awake, or knowing. No deterrent awaited me in the interior of her sleeping chamber. Instead, she lay within wearing a lace chemise, asleep as Ava was lifeless beneath her. I felt a lump forming in my throat, my crusade feeling suddenly foolish. Perhaps I could have simply ran away—

I caught sight of my reflection in Serene's mirror, hung squarely above her desk—of the scar peeking above my fraying collar. I looked ghastly in the dim light, thin and skeletal. I advanced on the woman, staring blankly at my own frame wielding the blade which no longer bore any trace of Ava. Serene's eyelids flutter open and I realized that she is awake. Her lips part and suddenly I was not calm as I stuck my blade behind her collarbone, as the purpose that justified what so many had done to me was shown to be deception. I leaned forward, searching for some vestiges of the divine purpose that had driven me to kill at the tender age of fourteen. Finding none, I drove my knife deeper into her sternum, mutilating her esophagus as I finally withdrew.

Agatha awaited me in Serene's sitting room. Shit. But even as I thought this, I felt some strange relief. A flicker of hope that my life hadn't been thrown away for nothing. But Agatha only watched in silence as I passed her, her eyes following me with a look of—not revulsion, but fear. The sounds of her footsteps behind me were impossible to ignore, try as I might have and I turned to meet her. I twisted her small knife out easily from her grip and bent her wrist until it fractured. Knowing better than to yell, she stifled her own shout of pain with her remaining palm. I knew the broken hand would never recover and made short order of her good thumb. Satisfied that she was no longer a threat, I made my way for the stairs, stopping only to loosen the flue on the large kitchen hearth. I added a oak log to the embers, covered in thick resinous sap, before exiting the timber house through the garden.
